what we are seeing is a wheel or
this is a car not
wow who looks good
this is a car that is host
shelby consell kids we are going to go
against a channel jungle and we are here
with my prost pit moscow before again
target has put the car I love
the gallant by the way
take much to make is that sometimes
remove from there
fate police
this beta you remove
ok we're in a challenge demos
gloves a little more so that
consists in
go against a car that is the counting
Clear gloves that are like mini gp sheet
shit
good that to explain the posts
your fault and what it consists is
elude the police is a race
street and you have to get to this
pointed point go and before him the car
we are strong simply and by the way
is now now now perfect I have
nitro here we are going to throw we are going to remove him
from here perfect demolition
perfect to have free project york
you have to avoid police controls
because they put you on pinchitos they put you
cars on barricade and you have to avoid it
here around here uy
we go here paris is very good
well, good
perfect perfect more water one pass
You come to this car certainly is
very beautiful and if you want you put me some
car you want to see this is a little
shattered because it 's giving you enough
Aramon cane
km
I love this game this car
can not with me can not with me no
can with me was u and uy u and u - wrong
but the control is from the skewers one
there was white here
efe
well here the liter and we will hit
against him again why not
do not go go go over there
country
and we do
nitro
and suddenly what happened kid has
finished 248
perfect
I had done it before good since it is already
ours the shelby charges 47 gr
we do not have to derive the host from
true truth
and you also have to derive them later
of this you have to
uy you have to throw
easier in this curve here with the
next here it has not gone a little
let's fall
to the police and now it will not be
here with us
and let's go
I 've already lost him or what
go there to find yourself here
that is here is this that is here
it is again again
perfect we have got the this is
I hope you liked it
the video you liked the race has
been a bit anticlimactic because that's how
with a mutual mutual but good shock
now
against the car against the car
actions like facebook twitter and others
nothing short truck and see you later
bye